yeah you got to be an animal lover to
mess with alligators you know I mean
there's some remarkable creatures Gator
this time the only way it can hurt you
is the teeth hi I'm Curtis I want to
known as a Gulf Coast Gator ranch and
tour
and highway 19 my point Mississippi come
on over this is called a just-in-case
stick always good to have one of these
because all you got to do is one little
good hit on the nose cuz their noses are
real sensitive that's what you want to
remember whenever you got attacked by a
gator hit him in the nose we named them
little bit because if he just so happens
to part it will hurt just a little bit
bring your cameras to a boy swamp door
with us and get the whole alligator we
have to keep all body parts inside the
boat at all times these Gators get
pretty close to the boat and I want to
make sure everybody keeps their hands
okay y'all ready to go go sleep on
skates
an airboat is a phantom what happens
they have props behind it that's out
wind picks up we got to 300 hour winds
and that's what else propeller on
airboats calls land or
it's undescribable feel it's a different
ride complete with any other boat that
you have been on so just come on behind
let me show you that experience that you
probably never had
we own 105 acres a swampland marshland
habitat for the alligators there's all
kind of fish birds Alcon aquatics the
flowers tree of all ciphers most main
food source is fish but to eat turtles
frogs snakes raccoons awesome beavers
otters maybe some I small pets dog or
cat pretty much love at all I mean this
is just enjoyable job always I don't get
bit I'll continue loving
tell em boss goodbye